Hey guys welcome back.
So what we did last time is just implement this Constance class which just made it a little bit easier
for us to maintain the messages that we output while we're going through now is something I mentioned
briefly a couple of videos ago which is to remember the values of this form when you submit.
So if for example if I submit this form and I have the user name isn't valid and it doesn't successfully
register it's going to bring us back to this page is it shows the messages it would be nice if it remembered
the values you entered last time so he wouldn't have to re-enter it again.
So we're going to do that this video and said really really simple.
All you do is add a value to these improv elements because you see for example if I added a value to
this embellishment.
So help save that.
You'll see that we have the value inside the embattlement like this.
So we want to do is just put whatever they entered last time into this string right here.
And how do we get the value.
Well if you look in register handle add up to SB.
We take the values from the form using these post with the square brackets.
So this is the value that they entered.
So we need to do is put this variable into the value.
So we do a lot less because p p variable we the page p tags in there.
So inside the value double quotes.
Page p tags like that.
And then just put echo and then does assign in a score post square brackets single quotes and then whatever
the name is of this field.
So this is use a name like that.
Right.
And so in a very long and close the page p tags off.
The problem with this you see right now is that this isn't always set if we haven't submitted the form.
It would be an error in there you'll see right here.
This is actually an error our parade is going to say something along lines of undefined index username
because we haven't actually submitted the form yet so this didn't actually have a value.
But you'll see if I do submit this form so I'll release.
You'll see that once we submit this.
Okay I'll make sure the master match.
So you see.
If Remember the valley from last time.
But if I just refresh its page now goes away because it isn't.
And this is no longer set.
So what we do is only use this if it's been set.
Now a very simple way to do this is instead of putting this up there you just create a very short function
of here.
Really simple.
Just say the function get input value like that right in this area.
Take a name it should be the name of the input and we can just do this if it is set sign and the score
post and then this would be the name
then echo to our sign the school post with name and that is it.
That's the function.
So now what this does is it takes a name.
So for example your name of your field for example using names a name user name.
And usually we do something like does underscore post and then use a name like that don't we.
But spelled correctly.
Now we're just passing this.
Use this name pas into this function like that and we put it inside the post roble like that.
So you'll see we call this function on copy paste the name of the function.
And I'm going to go back down here and then we're just going to say inside the page p tags like that
we'd have to echo anything just just at present inside the function we are correct.
So we don't need to echo like that.
So get em to a value.
And then I just put the name of this input field which in this case is even a name like that.
Now this will only use a value if it's been set.
So refresh this page.
The error goes away.
But if I give this value they submit this from.
He's there.
He says you'll see this time around it remembers this so we don't have any more messages.
And the journey it takes the value if it's been set so that's it.
I told you simple it's really really easy.
So I'll just copy and paste this again and we'll put it until these ones now.
So value and this is going to be the first name.
Remember taking the name part and now we have the name exactly the same as the idb.
You don't have to do that.
So paste it into there.
And this one's going to be the last name and then will paste this one in here in the mail and this one
is going to be e mail to that.
And we're not going to do it for passwords.
We all remember those.
And then that's it.
So let's refresh this page and fill in the form.
She remembers the values there.
It reads like that.
And then Kenny.
I mean and there.
I make sure these passwords don't match.
So we get to see the error messages.
There.
So it's rumbaed all these values and then we have a message.
And if if there's something wrong with this we could just correct it now.
But that's it.
That you really is simple.
And if you reverse the page you get start over.
So when you submit the form it remembers values when you just refresh the page it goes away.